well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
a question from my five-year-old one I
got last night that I was certainly not
expecting so we're gonna talk about that
question we are going to talk about an
inevitable construction project
inevitable being a key word last night
after bedtime my five-year-old gets up
he's like I'm hungry if you don't have
kids allow me to explain that they're
never actually hungry this is I'm not
ready to go to bed but I know that my
parents aren't going to send me to bed
if I say I'm hungry so as we're sitting
there eating our pop-tart I'm eating
mine he's playing with his he asks me
are we gonna build a wall for this I
have no idea what he means no clue he
had recently seen photos of me taking my
father to see the wall in DC for those
overseas if you don't know the wall is a
monument a memorial to those lost during
Vietnam my son has overheard that the
tolls are now similar weight kids mind
works guess we got to build a wall I
wasn't ready for that question haven't
put any thought into a but man that is a
fantastic idea he is on to something we
should build a wall could be done in
much the same way the names of all those
lost inscribed on the wall by day wall
gets taller or shorter based on the
number of lost that day and in front of
it on the ground we can inscribe quotes
from those leading the country both in
elected office and those in the media
who are influencing thought so you can
stand at the point where we're all
waiting on a miracle to just make it
disappear and look down the wall you can
stand at the point where the wall has
leveled off and high
but those in the media have decided that
their stock portfolios to take it too
much of a hit so they start pushing to
reopen you can stand there and look over
and see the inevitable second wave
inevitable being the word that medical
professionals are using you can stand at
the point where Kushner decided to make
fun of a lockdown crowd while his
father-in-law is ordering meat packers
back to work the idea behind that to
lock down crowd as if these people want
to stay at home and collect unemployment
they just want to sit around because
they're lazy meat packers I understand
that the political elites in this
country are very separated from us peons
us commoners let me just go ahead and
tell you there is nobody lazy working in
a meatpacking plant they're not afraid
of work they're afraid of your judgment
they're afraid that you're gonna put the
pocketbooks of your friends over their
lives
rightfully so that's what they're
worried about these jobs are essential
how about you guys the political elites
why don't y'all clock in for a week show
us how easy it is that job is harder
than anything these political elites
have done in their lives
if they were lazy they would not be
working in a meatpacking plant and that
goes for a lot of other jobs that go
without thanks but this definitely needs
to be done we should build a monument
Memorial and the leadership should be
tied to it not just for punitive
measures but for educational ones
because we've been through this before
we've been through this exact scenario
where we're getting it and then people
push to reopen and it triggers that
inevitable second wave we learned
nothing from it maybe the reason we
learned nothing from it is because those
in power weren't tied to their mistakes
if you are in public office your words
have consequences and all too often
those consequences can be measured in
human lives yeah I think we need to do
it I think we need to build this wall
and put it on the southern border and
they wanted one there maybe we get a
treatment maybe maybe something happens
contrary to all the data I hope that's
what happens
but that's not the way it's looking you
can't run a country on hope on on on a
guess on what you would like to happen
you have to go off the best information
at hand I understand their economic
considerations to to factor in I get
that there were alternatives initially
before the supply chain started having
issues there were alternatives but those
in power chose to give that money to
their buddies the millionaires and
billionaires they couldn't wait a couple
weeks to get their cash you see if
they've just given the money to the
average worker that money would have
been spent it would have generated
economic activity it would have flowed
up to their friends eventually but I
guess you know when you've got that much
money you know you can't wait I'm sure
those still waiting on their stimulus
checks are sympathetic this needs to be
built and it needs to be tied to the
leadership it's not politicizing it it's
what happened its historical these
people are making decisions they're
costing lives and they're doing it for
their own monetary benefit and I hope
I'm wrong I am hope one of those people
who is still going in every day trying
to figure out a treatment I hope they
come up with something and make all of
us who are worried look like we're crazy
I hope that happens
until then we have no leadership you
have to lead yourself you have to make a
decision on what you're going to do
nobody can make it for you nobody can
advise you on it you have to make that
decision yourself take the information
at hand the facts and go off of that I
would also remind everybody this is
being done so a bunch of people can make
money they won't make any money if you
don't buy their products anyway it's
just a fault no I know I have a good day